hi and welcome to another windows 8 tip
so today I'm going to show you how to
create a picture password so from the
start screen you're going to go to the
bottom right bring up the charms bar go
to settings go down to change PC
settings and then you're going to click
on users and we're going to do create a
picture password i'm going to enter my
current password so it knows it's me and
now i'm going to choose a picture I've
got one picture on here from my trip to
Vegas the number of years ago I'm going
to you click use this picture and now I
can do different gestures so I'm going
to draw a line from here click and drag
right down to the middle there I'm going
to also do this you can see those and
i'm going to click on this face so it
wants me to do that again and click on
this face so it says I've
congratulations I successfully created
my picture password and I can use it
next time I sign in so we'll click
finish and you can see now I have one
created because now I've gotten a remove
button so we're going to just close this
we can just click and drag it down to
the bottom and off the screen and now
I'm going to lock the screen and show
you how this works so this is the main
front screen I do one left click and my
picture password comes up so just like i
did so i'm going to drag down here and
i'm going to drag across here and click
this face and as you can see it's let me
in if i did my gestures incorrectly it
wouldn't let me in alright well thanks
for watching and subscribe to the
channel if you want to see some more of
the stuff give a like if you think
you're like this was good all right bye